ORIGINAL INTAKE SHEET: Contents described as inert display liquid, supplied by Grant. Public exhibition approval withheld; closed preview may proceed. No opening or handling.

PREVIEW PHOTOGRAPH: The recognizable Velvet Widow bottle is physically present on its support during the closed preview. This is one ordinary wide image.

CONSERVATION SHEET: New closure band applied and checked before preview. Material: red foil-backed paper. Retained unused stock shows its red face and silver backing. Separate rear close-up shows a hidden split. A scrap from Grant's glass is similar shared stock; no unique torn-edge match is established.

PURCHASE FILE: Executed condition requires original contents to remain in the Velvet Widow bottle. The executed sale required the original contents to remain in the Velvet Widow bottle. That condition was fulfilled. I received no cancellation or substitution instruction. The later description of inert display liquid was supplied by the lender, not by me. Signed: Seller.

LABORATORY COMPARISON
[["Sample", "Cyanide", "Requested culinary flavoring"], ["Shared pitcher", "Not detected", "Not detected"], ["Retained culinary container", "Not detected", "Present"], ["Grant's individual glass", "Detected", "Present"]]

DIRECTOR NOTE AND BOARD COPY: No accepted gift or public announcement without board approval. We will forgo the gift if these terms are not approved.

LEGAL MARKUP: Do not publicly celebrate this unsigned agreement as an accepted gift. This objection does not cancel ordinary private hospitality.

PROPOSED SUCCESSION CLAUSE: Upon the donor's death, the donor appointment shall pass to Tess Tament. This clause becomes effective only upon acceptance by the museum board. Family note asks counsel whether that can be a family appointment while Grant is alive.

PERFORMANCE DELIVERY: The prerecorded studio film shows an empty jacket falling out of a gilded chair. Production booking lists screen/playback only. Grant's reply: No live stunt involving me or any guest. I am not falling at dinner. Submit the screen version; that is the only version under discussion. The film itself was subsequently rejected too.

CAMERA WORK ORDER: Remove power adapter for donor privacy; restore after private meeting. Approved: Barb Dwyer. Technician: I removed power, not the network cable. Without power the camera cannot save recordings. Labeled photograph shows unplugged power adapter and still-attached network lead.

EXHIBITION CATALOG PROOF, DATED BEFORE GALA: The full working proof was sent to intake; an unresolved reply instructs staff to keep the bottle closed. Full proof and reply went to staff; the shortened entry went to press. Bottle working entry quotes Original contents to remain in the bottle. Art's query quotes that condition and asks how it fits the inert loan description. Reed's marked press proof strikes that sentence; the short handout retains only the inert description. Full working copy and purchase attachment remain. Separate bowl correction withdraws settled ownership and keeps the missing-document warning.

POLICY FILE: Original founding shortcut accepts lender descriptions before complete papers. Later policy withdraws that shortcut. Both are retained. Staff tested Anya's retained old spare: it opens the present preparation cupboard. Other staff keys also permit access; locked storage does not prove uninterrupted inaccessibility.

PETITION AND BOWL CARD: Robin's retained rectangular card is the disputed bowl ownership label. Petition demands an intact return through claimants' representatives and a hearing.

ORIGINAL PRESS RECORDING OPENING
SERVICE MANAGER: Mr. Larceny, I'll leave your glass here. I'm going back to the kitchen about that added course.
GRANT: Thank you. Paige, I asked for a quiet private place. Why have you followed me here?
PAIGE: You agreed to an interview about the gift. It's on the recorder.
GRANT: It's the gala. I'm announcing the gift tonight. Ask about that, or we'll speak tomorrow.
ROBIN: Grant, here is your copy. The museum already has one. Return the bowl intact or give the claimants a hearing.
GRANT: This is my private room, Robin, not the public podium. I'm already answering the reporter. I am not reading a petition here.
