F4–F5
[
  {
    "id": "F4",
    "title": "Security controller / executed cue",
    "text": "Controller S-2 records a cracked-mount alert at 6:37, the Star Bowl alcove curtain closed at 6:38, and the locking circuit remained engaged until 7:00. This curtain seals the display interior. The surrounding East Gallery and balcony remain open. The programme’s 6:48 closing cue was superseded by this emergency run. No opening or override appears on the independent controller record."
  },
  {
    "id": "F5",
    "title": "Two clocks / one poisoned rim",
    "text": "The concentrated toxin follows wipe tracks inside the rim of Grant’s coupe. Gold-seamed museum linen could make those marks. Such linen and the shared cabinet key were handled by many guests; the audit cannot attribute the toxin theft to one loan. A maintenance comparison shows the brass East Gallery clock ten minutes ahead of the synchronized service and security clocks. Its mechanism was not corrected before the gala. Camera metadata uses synchronized time, not the brass clock’s displayed time."
  }
]
ACTIII / spoken testimony
Hugh Bidder: I used the shared cabinet key and linen while inspecting a sale photograph. I then altered my own sale file. The certificate had been forged before it reached me, but I concealed how badly my checks had failed. I was protecting my business, which is not the same thing as providing it with a particularly elaborate funeral.

Chip Patina: I borrowed the cabinet key and used the museum’s linen. Neither is an exotic conservation ritual. Last month I changed a date on a minor treatment record to avoid an insurance dispute. No object was harmed. That does not excuse the false record. Grant knew about it and could have ended my career with one telephone call.

Artie Ficial: I borrowed the cabinet key for podium polish and took museum linen. So did plenty of people with jobs to finish. My more interesting piece of paperwork is a job offer from a rival museum. I have accepted it. Grant’s plan to remove me would make my departure look like his victory, and I was not inclined to give him the satisfaction.

Sue Venir: Both legal opinions still exist. I kept the original, which says the acquisition is too risky to defend confidently. Grant wanted the softened version read as though it were my only conclusion. I had access to the shared supplies while preparing the documents. Possession of a cloth does not turn an objection into a confession. Please quote me accurately.

Monet Bags: The key and linen passed through my hands during setup. I also moved money between internal accounts without authority. I planned to reverse the transfer after the gala, but Grant found out. Restricted funds are not an artist’s palette. I knew that when I did it, and I know it even more painfully now.

Dr. Art E. Fact: One sentence in my published research goes beyond what the evidence strictly supports. I should have qualified it. Grant knew, and the archival material Reed found made the weakness harder to ignore. I handled conservation supplies during setup. The embarrassing inference is mine; so is the duty to correct it. I wish scholarship came with less public humiliation.

Frank Lloyd Wrong: I signed off on a temporary lighting rig below my own standard because we ran out of time. I am not proud of it. Grant then demanded another change and threatened to withhold payment. I used the cabinet key and linen during setup. A bad rig deserves an engineering explanation. It does not become a poisoning mechanism because a donor disliked his invoice.

Barb Dwyer: I disconnected the camera. The work order names Grant because Grant ordered it. I should not have obeyed an instruction that violated policy. What I failed to record was his threat to blame security if anything went wrong. There were shared supplies in the setup area, and I handled them. The camera outage was deliberate, but it was not secret.

Mona Lott: I leaked the existence of the restitution talks to journalists. They were confidential, and I used that breach to put pressure on Grant. I also handled materials during the exhibition preparations. The bowl’s disputed history is real; it has not become legal because someone put it in a case. My chosen weapon was publicity. It made me enemies in several countries.

Tess Tament: I have been organizing trustees to block Grant’s control over the foundation. That is why I was making calls before the toast. The cabinet key and linen were used for setup, not as an instrument of family policy. Grant wanted my public support. I intended to give him a vote he would dislike rather than applause he could buy.

Claire O’Scuro: I handled the cabinet key and museum linen while checking the display-cleaning instructions. I also commissioned an independent provenance review against board instructions. The preliminary report is in the Registrar’s Office. I withheld it until its findings could be checked. Grant preferred a label that sounded certain to research that was certain.

Elon Mosaic: I was the anonymous auction buyer. Hugh concealed my name to prevent Grant from inflating the bidding. I borrowed the cabinet key and used linen while examining catalogue material. Grant blacklisted me afterward. He made collecting sound like a moral defect when someone else won. My secret purchase was deliberate. So was my refusal to apologize for it.

Paige Turner: A museum source gave me internal documents. Grant threatened to expose that source if I published. I will not identify them simply because someone puts a dramatic question to me over dinner. I handled setup materials while sorting the press area. My confidential arrangement concerns documents and somebody’s livelihood. It was not an arrangement to interfere with Grant’s drink.

Anya Tique: The incomplete 1989 accession is mine. I approved it because the museum needed funds and convinced myself the promised papers would follow. They did not. I used the cabinet key and linen tonight while checking old records. Grant was about to make my old decision the story of this gala. I had hoped the institution might finally outlive my worst compromise.

Dada DiCapo: The unsigned warning is mine. “Return what was taken” meant my stolen performance concept. The star going dark was an image, not a timetable for a death. I used museum linen while setting up and was close to the conservation supplies. I wanted Grant publicly embarrassed. Apparently nobody is going to believe that distinction without a very long conversation.

Vincent Van Faux: I used linen during setup and visited the conservation desk. I also bought back early paintings through secret buyers to take them out of circulation. Call it vanity if you like; I have heard worse from reviewers with less talent. The student label here was meant to humiliate me. My plan was to remove that label and survive the evening.
ATTENDING
Artie Ficial, Claire O’Scuro, Hugh Bidder, Monet Bags, Chip Patina, Dada DiCapo, Vincent Van Faux, Sue Venir, Dr. Art E. Fact, Tess Tament, Barb Dwyer, Paige Turner, Frank Lloyd Wrong, Mona Lott, Elon Mosaic, Anya Tique