VIEW THESE TWO REPORT IMAGES NOW: C:\Users\dalmo\Documents\Codex\2026-10-03\referenced-chatgpt-conversation-this-is-an\work\murdermystery\docs\playtest\2026-10-04-GALA-SPOILERS\shared\actual_installation.jpg AND C:\Users\dalmo\Documents\Codex\2026-10-03\referenced-chatgpt-conversation-this-is-an\work\murdermystery\docs\playtest\2026-10-04-GALA-SPOILERS\shared\clock_comparison.jpg
F4–F5
[
  {
    "id": "F4",
    "title": "Security run / installation record",
    "text": "Controller S-2 logged a mounting alert at 6:37, the alcove curtain locked at 6:38, and the first reopening at 7:00. The surrounding East Gallery and balcony remained accessible. The advance 6:48 cue was cancelled. The installation photograph was logged at 6:31 on 30 October. It is an installation record, whereas the enclosed-cabinet rendering is a proposal from 20 October. The controller and installation files are independent records."
  },
  {
    "id": "F5",
    "title": "Two clocks / one poisoned rim",
    "text": "Concentrated toxin follows wipe tracks inside Grant’s coupe. The sample could be carried on museum linen. Key and linen access was shared; that audit alone cannot identify a poisoner. The reported phones, watches, camera and service clock were checked against security time. Only the brass East Gallery clock differed: it ran ten minutes fast. Its mechanism was not corrected before the gala."
  }
]
ACTIII / spoken testimony
Tess Tament: I have been organizing trustees to block Grant’s control over the foundation. That is why I was making calls before the toast. Grant wanted my public support. I intended to give him a vote he would dislike rather than applause he could buy.

Monet Bags: The key and linen passed through my hands during setup. I also moved money between internal accounts without authority. I planned to reverse the transfer after the gala, but Grant found out. Restricted funds are not an artist’s palette. I knew that when I did it, and I know it even more painfully now.

Vincent Van Faux: I also bought back early paintings through secret buyers to take them out of circulation. Call it vanity if you like; I have heard worse from reviewers with less talent. The student label here was meant to humiliate me. My plan was to remove that label and survive the evening.

Paige Turner: A museum source gave me internal documents. Grant threatened to expose that source if I published. I will not identify them simply because someone puts a dramatic question to me over dinner. My confidential arrangement concerns documents and somebody’s livelihood. It was not an arrangement to interfere with Grant’s drink.

Barb Dwyer: I disconnected the camera. The work order names Grant because Grant ordered it. I should not have obeyed an instruction that violated policy. What I failed to record was his threat to blame security if anything went wrong. The camera outage was deliberate, but it was not secret.

Claire O’Scuro: I also commissioned an independent provenance review against board instructions. The preliminary report is in the Registrar’s Office. I withheld it until its findings could be checked. Grant preferred a label that sounded certain to research that was certain.

Frank Lloyd Wrong: I signed off on a temporary lighting rig below my own standard because we ran out of time. I am not proud of it. Grant then demanded another change and threatened to withhold payment. A bad rig deserves an engineering explanation. It does not become a poisoning mechanism because a donor disliked his invoice.

Dr. Art E. Fact: One sentence in my published research goes beyond what the evidence strictly supports. I should have qualified it. Grant knew, and the archival material Reed found made the weakness harder to ignore. The embarrassing inference is mine; so is the duty to correct it. I wish scholarship came with less public humiliation.

Mona Lott: I leaked the existence of the restitution talks to journalists. They were confidential, and I used that breach to put pressure on Grant. The bowl’s disputed history is real; it has not become legal because someone put it in a case. My chosen weapon was publicity. It made me enemies in several countries.

Hugh Bidder: I then altered my own sale file. The certificate had been forged before it reached me, but I concealed how badly my checks had failed. I was protecting my business, which is not the same thing as providing it with a particularly elaborate funeral.

Chip Patina: Last month I changed a date on a minor treatment record to avoid an insurance dispute. No object was harmed. That does not excuse the false record. Grant knew about it and could have ended my career with one telephone call.

Sue Venir: Both legal opinions still exist. I kept the original, which says the acquisition is too risky to defend confidently. Grant wanted the softened version read as though it were my only conclusion. Please quote me accurately.

Artie Ficial: My more interesting piece of paperwork is a job offer from a rival museum. I have accepted it. Grant’s plan to remove me would make my departure look like his victory, and I was not inclined to give him the satisfaction.

Dada DiCapo: The unsigned warning is mine. “Return what was taken” meant my stolen performance concept. The star going dark was an image, not a timetable for a death. I wanted Grant publicly embarrassed. Apparently nobody is going to believe that distinction without a very long conversation.

Elon Mosaic: I was the anonymous auction buyer. Hugh concealed my name to prevent Grant from inflating the bidding. Grant blacklisted me afterward. He made collecting sound like a moral defect when someone else won. My secret purchase was deliberate. So was my refusal to apologize for it.

Minnie Malist: I changed the lighting cue after approval. Grant demanded a gaudy display; Frank objected; I was caught in the middle. My later edit caused the flicker. The emergency security curtain had its own controller, separate from my lighting console. I can own a bad lighting decision without claiming that every machine in the museum belongs to me.
ATTENDING
Artie Ficial, Claire O’Scuro, Hugh Bidder, Monet Bags, Chip Patina, Dada DiCapo, Vincent Van Faux, Sue Venir, Dr. Art E. Fact, Tess Tament, Barb Dwyer, Paige Turner, Frank Lloyd Wrong, Mona Lott, Elon Mosaic, Minnie Malist